---
layout: post
title: Istanbul, Budapest, Prague
description: "Short CS program in Istanbul led by the McKeowns opened a unique opportunity to see Eastern Europe."
category: articles
tags: [travel, photography]
image:
  feature: "https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7014/6840341477_e49612bc59_o_d.jpg"
---

### Istanbul

The trip began with graduation, I would say. Immediately after the CS department ceremony, my family drove to the airport to fly home, while I packed up the rest of my stuff for Aunt Donna to store for me, after which I joined my family at the airport. A 1 hour flight home, a short visit with my grandfather at the nursing home, and the panic of a cancelled flight back to San Francisco, I was once again sitting in San Francisco Airport, waiting for a 13 hour flight to Istanbul.

10 hours of backlogged sleep, some reading, and a movie later, I was in Istanbul.

The first night, I did not have a chance to see the city. The rest of the teaching team and I were being housed in Darussafaka, a boarding school for students from their first year to twelfth. One of the program directors had attended Darussfaka, and a few of the students at the school were going to be a part of the two week course. It was exciting to be a part of this initiative to give back to the school that provided so much to its students.

Rest is apparently for the dead, as class began at nine the next morning. 81 students filed in, and the ritual slaughtering of names began. Alien inflections and even stranger letters played tricks on my untrained tongue, and I grew suspicious that I was being teased with the idea of soft G's that were to me silent. 



### Budapest

### Prague