---
layout: post
title: Ideas
date: 2016-02-07 23:30:44 -0800
---

1. Reasons to write.
2. Life deployment tools.
3. Interview tips.
4. Imposter syndrome.
    - let's say you are an imposter. you managed to slip through the cracks
      and were admitted into the program, offered the job, given the
      scholarship. Let's just say you are one. Notice now that you have been
      given an opportunity and that the moment of micro inspection is over and
      you have some time before the next possible inspection. Giving into
      imposter syndrome implies that you are the same person that you were when
      the initial inspection happened, but also that there is no possibility
      that you will change. Even if you were an imposter, you don't always have
      to be. Learn on the job. Become qualified.
5. Sharing a voice.
6. Climbing.
7. Lessons learned in my first 30 days
    - drinking the kool-aid - totally necessary for some things to run smoothly.
      if everything becomes a point of contention, then real independent thought
          and genuine creativity is stifled by discontinuity in a system that
          can otherwise be running well.
    - symbiosis matters a lot. I have begun to notice that something I have
      learned over time needs to be unlearned. A bad project group can be
      overcome by just doing everything or clenching your jaw until it is over,
      since in school that is never that far off. From where I stand, decisions
      are made over a longer time span so there is more of a consequence to
      working with people that you don't get along well with fundamentally.
